This is a PHP front-end for datasets created with SQL-Ledger.

USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. IF YOU HOARK A PRODUCTION DATASET, YOUR CLIENT
WILL SPANK YOU.

This is currently in the development stage, without much functionality.

It uses Justin Vincent's ez_sql class for PostgreSQL, and the html_form
PHP class from dyn-web.com.

The app framework is based on a custom CMS that I put together for web
applications. It should be pretty easy to follow the process flow by
looking at the main index.php and config.php files. I'm trying to be
mindful about adding comments to make it easier.

To start out, I'm only using SELECT queries... mainly as a reporting
tool, trying to make it more intuitive and user-friendly.

I'm starting with the inventory module. I've used both SQL-Ledger and
LedgerSMB for tracking inventory and parts distribution to job sites
in the past, and it's a good tool. I've always wished it were easier
to use, but went cross-eyed every time I tried to sift through the
spaghetti bowl of code. And, several people have expressed a desire
for a PHP version of SQL-Ledger. So, I'm hoping to make something
that is fairly easy for other programmers to customize.

This does NOT create any SQL-Ledger datasets -- you must
already have a working SQL-Ledger installation (or, at least, a
PostgreSQL database [dataset] created with SQL-Ledger).

You can use the .htaccess file if mod_rewrite is enabled. Otherwise,
you'll have to use a query string for the scripts in the /modules
directory, as such:
http://hostname/myledger-php_directory/?script=coa
('coa' is the script for the Chart Of Accounts)

With mod_rewrite, you could call them up in either of these two forms:
http://hostname/myledger-php_directory/coa
 or
http://hostname/myledger-php_directory/coa.html

Right now, the coa.php file is the only one that returns results. The
ic.php file is a first reproduction of the form to search items/parts,
but doesn't yet return the results (report).

Also, note that you can name the home directory whatever you want. For
example, I'm using:
  /var/www/myledger
So, the URL would be http://mydevserver/myledger

Just make sure your httpd.conf file (if needed) specifies the correct
directory.
